[Autogenerated] Welcome to this module on Machine Learning
Foundation on a doubly is built in algorithms.
We will begin discourse by understanding how to map a business need to
a mission learning problem and learned when to use mission learning as
a strategy to solve the business problem.
Then we will like deep on take a look at different machine
learning algorithms provided by AWS.
Then we will launch into a demo on Learn About different features
off Amazon Sage maker on start developing a model.
Then we will learn how to use different data splitting
strategies to train and test the model.
And before we finish,
we will also take a detailed look as how to find you in the hyper parameters.
Using Amazon Sage maker.
Let's quickly look the different faces off machine learning lifecycle.
Developing a model starts with identifying a business problem on mapping
the right machine learning strategy to solve error.
Once the mission learning approaches, finalize.
We need to collect the data that will help us in the training and testing face.
Most of the time,
the raw data that was collected cannot be used as is the data needs to be
processed so that we can Docker meaningful information from it.
Once the data is processed,
we can launch into Amazon sage maker on start developing the model.
Usually the data will be split into training data and
test data in the 80 20 or 90 10 ratio.
Training data is then used to train the model.
This Martin can then be used against a test data to check
how well its course against the new data.
This is a nitrate your process to fine tune the accuracy of the morning.
Once the decide accuracy is achieved,
this model can then be deployed unmonitored.
You can think of a model as a generalized solution to
your specific business problem.
After applying a mission learning algorithm to your
training data in this course, we will talk primarily on developing the model,
training the morning when tuning the hyper parameters of the model machine.
Learning is all about data on identifying patents in them,
on driving meaningful relations between them so that the model can make
intelligent predictions you might have experienced when your bank
temporarily puts a hold on your credit card after a transaction of a large
amount RGBA New Sharpton International location.
This is actually mission.
Learning in Action, the banking model has studied your pattern of shopping.
When there was a deviation from the predicted behavior,
it actually issued an alert as a protective measure,
which sometimes could be a false positive.
But before predictions,
your model need to study a lot of data so that it can learn
the user behavior on create a pattern.
This process is not just time intensive,
but it's also resource intensive, so you need a lot of computational power,
as we discussed before.
Machine learning is a buzzword these days,
and every organization would like to implement a machine learning solution.
But it's machine learning the right solution for all business problems.
Maybe not.
Let's look at the factors that needs to be considered
before using machine learning as a solution.
First and foremost is data, as we discussed before,
data on lots off it or needed in driving a reasonably predictable model.
You also need expertise that can study and eliminate the nice around the
OData so that you can retain meaningful information.
This is a huge field by itself in data science calls feature engineering.
Next one is a lack off computational power.
You need machines that are powerful so that it can crunch the data
that you are going to feed in developing the model.
There are mission critical applications where an error in your
model predictions may not be acceptable.
So obviously, mission learning it's not right solution.
These scenarios.
Some of the business problems can be solved by simple rules on for these cases.
You can write simple computer programs with powerful rule engines.
He'll stop depending on machine learning.
So before suggesting machine learning as a solution to your business problem,
be cognizant of the fact that it is an expensive solution and you're choosing you trying.